---
title: An Update
teaser: It's been a while, but I'm bringing back my blog. Here's an update.
date: 2024-11-17
---

Phew. It's been a minute. Over a year, to be clear. But, while it has been a while, I haven't stopped doing stuff and things. I wanted to write a quick update and provide a very general outline of what's to come for me and for this blog. 

Now, where to start? Probably with fitness since my last post was about becoming a triathlete. 

## Fitness Update

In September of 2023, I had said that I was training for a few huge goals: 

- WalesDuro
- Gravel Worlds
- 2024 LA Triathlon
- Lake Placid Ironman 2025

None of those happened, but for a simple reason: **I don't like swimming**. Not that I was bad at swimming, or wasn't seeing the progress in my swimming technique and speed. I just didn't enjoy the process of swimming. So, I dropped triathlon completely after finishing [Leon's Triathlon](https://leonstriathlon.com/) (I'll probably write about this one). 

So, that meant that I was no longer doing Triathlon, and decided to just focus on running and cycling. Early in 2024, I did complete [Seeds & Stones Roubaix](https://www.seedsandstonesroubaix.com/), and came in **dead last**. Which, I'm 100% OK with. That was my longest bike ride ever and it was _extremely_ windy. I am still proud of that effort. 

But, WalesDuro and Gravel Worlds didn't happen this year either. WalesDuro didn't happen because I actually bought a house in Lockport, IL. So, the extra cash I had laying around for that trip to Wales went straight into the house in either the form of down payment or movers. (I have it slated for 2025, but we'll see. It's a big undertaking). 

Gravel Worlds didn't happen because I had a medical situation crop up. At the time, it seemed more serious than it is, and I thought I was going to have to get immediate surgery. I ended up canceling my trip to Lincoln because of it. As it turns out, the medical thing isn't as big of a deal (currently), and I probably could have done it, but I ended up just dropping out of it. 

I then tried to do a 30km trail race ([Hell Hath No Hurry](https://www.hellhathnohurry.org/)), but I was completely untrained and, though I was doing it with a friend who crushed his goal, I DNF'd. 

Reading all that back to myself after having written it, I feel sad. Sad to have not really pushed myself to compete in more races. But, it's not like I haven't been making progress... 

### Progress 

So, like I said, I'm sad that I didn't really compete in more races. Sad that I have these HUGE goals of like doing multi-day stage races for both cycling and running. But, while I haven't _raced_, I haven't stalled in progress. 

I've lost ~90 lbs (~41kg) since I started really focusing on my health in March of 2023. I'm _running_ running, and my cycling fitness has skyrocketed. I think since I decided to not swim anymore, I have missed less than 5 workouts prescribed by my coach, Mark. 

I'm still 100% focused on losing weight and getting my fitness as high as possible. I mean, I am starting 2025 with the [UTMB Desert Rats 50km race](https://desertrats.utmb.world/races/50K)! But here's an **extremely tentative** list of events I have scheduled for 2025: 

1. UTMB Desert Rats 50km
2. WalesDuro (as mentioned, this probably won't happen, but I want to train for it)
3. Gravel Worlds 300 miler -- I'm doing the big one!
4. UTMB Chihuahua 100km

I'm also still planning to get to my goal weight of 220lbs. I have about 60lbs more to lose. 

> I am still **obsessed** with this. It's become a _core_ part of who I am.
> 
> I just want this to be very clear (maybe just for myself), but my health and fitness are my **main focus** currently. I want to get lighter, stronger, faster, and be able to run and cycle for long distances. 

## Personal Update

This one is a bit shorter, simply because not a _ton_ has changed, but there are still some changes. 

As I mentioned above, I bought a house in Lockport, IL. I really enjoy the south suburbs of Chicago, and Lockport is on the rise (at least that's what I tell myself). But what _really_ drew me to the area were the trails. Just outside my door I have a trail that connects to a pretty large trail network which is great for long rides and runs. 

I left PredictHQ to join [Edge Impulse](https://edgeimpulse.com) as a Senior Pre-Sales Solutions Engineer. I'm so thrilled to be back in IoT and working to bring real products into life. 

That's really it from a personal side of things. Working hard, both physically and mentally to keep pushing towards my goals. I do have a desire to pick up _one more thing_. My best friend builds guitars in his free time, I have some other friends that are involved in their communities. I want to do _one more thing_ with my time. So, I'm spending some time thinking about that. 

## What's Next?

Well -- it's kind of all laid out above... 

- be vigilant in my focus on improving my fitness and losing weight
- finish the above races (with WalesDuro being a bit of an asterisk right now)
- continue to push myself to undeniably good professionally. 

Outside of that, I want to write more. So, I'm going to. I have a whole note dedicated to blog post ideas I've had over time, and I definitely want to write more about my focus on health & fitness. Look out for more posts!
